ladies and gentlemen this is a preview
of the motion picture event soon to be
seen in this theater we would like to
show you and tell you something about
Walt Disney's Lady and the Tramp
it's his happiest motion picture a story
about dogs open your heart and build
some glowing memories as Walt Disney
takes you into that wonderful world you
always hoped did exist and never knew
for sure until now the world of dogs to
anyone who's ever owned a dog loved the
dog or just wanted a dog
this picture is yours heart and soul you
will meet lady the belle of the social
set she was beautiful
innocent intelligent and besides she
owned the nicest family in town lady was
the catch of the season that is until
the day the Tramp came into her life
tramp soldier of fortune
the Casanova from the wrong side of the
tracks who wore no man's collar it's
what they do to your happy home move it
all when your friend you'll meet jock
officially known as Heather lad of
Glencairn of the blue blood Glen Cairns
who collected blue ribbons silver cups
and balls
that's a graham sate there's faithful
trusty the bloodhound of the Old South
but now given to dreams of faded glory
yeah and there are the rollicking
roistering boys in the back room down at
the dog pound
borås remnant of the old aristocracy who
has fallen on evil days
he's like Gorky says in Lord ants quote
miserable being must find more miserable
being then he's happy
Pedro whose visa and luck ran out at the
same time I'm a sister Rosita Chiquita
Juanita she bow-wow and pay slightly
sharp horns so Brett from the
dog-and-pony follies who knew many
things one of them how to sell us all if
he's a tramp
he's a good one and I wish that I could
travel his way
I wish that I could travel his way wish
that I could travel his way
and you'll meet mr. busy the eager
beaver searching sharing 15 pages and
the pair of mischievous Orientals sigh
and it's Easter
it's Christmas it's New Years Eve all
the merry celebrations of your life
rolled into one happy entertainment as
Lady and the Tramp
take you into their and shattered world
you